# Results
---
* Rise of the True Demon Lords
* Beginning of Reincarnation
* Turn of a new era
* Purging of Heaven, Hell, and the Abyss
* Destruction of all but eight major settlements

# The Buildup
---
Three years before the Calamity, the Archangel Michael waged war against the Demonic Overlord, the Raven Queen. Before the war were small scale duels between the two and their allies which had very little impact on the world surrounding them. These duels served more as a show fo force than actual battle, yet this trend didn't continue for long. The war itself was started with the slaughter of Nyssa's allies and closest friends. Sparking off the war, the then Demon Lord Mephisto ventured to the ends of the realm in search of her beloved while the Raven Queen invaded Heaven with the Demon Lord Beelzebub to rescue the Archangel Ciel, the sole Archangel who wished for peace between demons, devils, and angels. In reaction, Michael ressurected the once dead Angelic Overlord, the Almighty Adam Kadmon. 

War waged for three years between the angelic army and the Demon Lords. Mere months before the beginning of the Calamity, Mephisto had found out her beloved was being head captive by the Archangel Romar. Within minutes, Mephisto arrived and stood against Romar's army. Filled with vile rage, Mephisto awoke as the Devilish Overlord, superceeding the Devil King himself in sheer power. With this newfound power, Mephisto single handedly massacred his army with a single strike and slaughtered Romar, shattering his soul. With her beloved in hand, Mephisto headed back to reunite with the Raven Queen. 

Now together, the Raven Queen and Mephisto headed into what they believed to be the final battle between themselves and the angelic army, headed by Michael and the Almighty Adam. Arriving at the battlefield, the two opposing forces clashed, causing absoltue chaos. Though outnumbered, the two Overlords, along six of their closest allies, wiped out the majority of the angelic army while sustaining no casualties. Enraged, the Almighty Adam joined the battle, slaying the Demon Lord Beelzebub, shattering his soul. Enraged, the Raven Queen collapsed, causing the powers welling within her to spill out and wreck havoc on the world around her. Fearing the certain death that awaite them, Micahel and Adam fled the battlefield. No one knows exactly who intervened, but the Raven Queen was subdued, stopping the eminent disaster. 

# The Calamity
---
After regrouping for another attack, Michael and Adam struck back at the two Overlords. In a last ditch effort, they threw everything they had at the demons and devil, yet Adam and Michael were outmatched. Both of them suffered fatal wounds, yet refused to keep fighting. Desperate for any advantage, Micahel tore Adam's soul out and devoured it. Power coursed through the Archangel's veins as he fell from his status to become the Fallen Overlord. WIth a snap of his fingers, the Raven Queen, Mephisto, Ciel, and the Demon Lords were frozen in time. Now uncontested, Michael began his genocide. 

Beginning with Heaven, Michael corrupted hundreds of millions, possibly billions, of Angels, turning them into Fallen. These new ranks of unforseen monstrosities terrorized the world, beginning with small villages. When the Fallen approached a settlement, they surrounded it from all sides, overwhelming any defenses the settlement had and horrifying the people inside. Fallen would tear the souls from the bodies of mortals and devour them. The effect this had on them is unknown, but the meet thought of a mortal having their soul terrified everyone. 

The Fallen still hungered for more souls and set their sights on large cities such as Heaven's Gate and Shadow's Heart. Being a city of the Almighty, Heaven's Gate stood no chance. The Overlord and Archangels they worshipped abandoned them. Fallen overran the city, tearing structured brick by brick, mortals limb by limb, and leaving nothing but ruin in their wake. Shadow's Heart, on the other hand, somehow stood strong. The White Queen, Alice, sealed her consciousness away, injecting all the power she had into a guard surrounding the city and any others algined with them. A mysterious man named Cain took over as acting ruler and met the onslaught of Fallen head on. Wave after wave of Fallen were repealed by the Queen's protection and felled by Cain's unusual power. Under his direction, a new, elite gorup of warriors were born, the Raven's Guard. These knights could take down hundreds of Fallen at a time with their unrelenting magical attacks and near superhuman stamina. Though numbered only in the hundreds, the Raven's Guard held the Fallen at bay for seven years. 

# The Awakening
---
Though now an Overlord, it took nearly all of Michael's power to keep the Raven Queen, Mephisto, Ciel, and the Demon Lords frozen in time. Slowly but surely, cracks began to form in the space surrounding the seven heald captive. A burst of energy ignited the sky as Ciel somehow found a way to break the seal. Now free, the seven set their eyes on taking the realm back from the hands of Michael. 

Though not much was left in terms of civilization, that which still stood stood strong. The White Queen awoke as the seven broke free, breaking the protection surrounding the settlements. Fallen swarmed the eight settlements, yet they were not fast enough. Mephisto met the Fallen head on, slaughtering thousands with a single swing of her scythe, millions with a single incantation. Ciel, now awoken as the new Angelic Overlord, rained destruction from the skies, oblitering tens of miles worth of fallen within moments. The Demon Lords each chose a smaller settlement to protect, ridding it of the pests that invaded their realm. The Raven Queen set her sights on finding and annihalating Michael. 

As the battles raged on for several weeks, the Fallen began overtaking the forces of Lanercost. Without intervention, the village would fall within the hour. From the sky fell a bright, purple lightning bolt directly into the center of the Fallen attacking Lanercost. From the center of the bolt emerged a man with a dark coat, the Demon Lord Beelzebub. His ressurection was unprecedented, as no one with a shattered soul has ever came back to life, but his arrival saved countless lives. 

With the Fallen driven back to the Southeast Territory, the three Overlords, Mephisto, Ciel, and the Raven Queen, along with the five Demon Lords, Beelzebub, Leviathan, Lilith, Mammon, and Samael, stormed the fortress which Micahel Resided in. Not to be met without resistance, the group encountered a Ravager. Standing nearly a hundred feet high, its lizardlike body and smokey skin stopped them in their tracks. Even though the group was powerful, the Ravager was an Eldritch class Titan which equaled an Overlord in sheer power. Up until that point, only one Ravager has ever been sighted. The best requried the might of the entire realm as well as the Four True Dragons to defeat it. The eight of them stared at the beast as Mephisto stepped up, knowing that this may be her final battle. With a snap of her fingers, she teleported the rest of the group towards the fortress as she met the Ravager head on. Though no one witnessed the battle itself, legends tell of the Overlord somehow walking away unscathed. 

With her sword in hand, the Raven Queen broke through the doors to the main hall where Michael resided. His personal guards lunged towards the Demonic Overlord, but the Demon Lords intercepted them. Ciel and the Raven Queen leapt over the battle and towards the Fallen Overlord. With a snap of his fingers, the two of them were thrown towards the walls. He stood up, eyeing them like prey, and began laughing manically. Tearing the soul out of his chest, Michael grew several times his size, destroying the fortress in the process. Ravager gone, Mephisto joined the other two Overlords in the new field of battle. 

Stirke after strike, Micahel rained down suffering while the three could not even scratch his body. Slowly but surely, their near limitless strength began wearing out and the possibility of death entered the picture. The Raven Queen fell to her knees as tears fell from her eyes. Mephisto was knocked to the ground, barely able to move. Ciel was struck by Micahel, tearing her left arm off. In depseration, the three looked at each other and smiled grimly. Mephisto found the strength to stand up and used the last remains of her power to bind Micahel. Ciel began chanting, beginning the process of sealing sealing away a soul. The Raven Queen stood up and leapt into the air with her blade, striking Micahel in the chest. No matter how powerful, one is most vulnerable when they believe they are the victor. One final strike. Michael's soul was forever sealed away, ending the Calamity. 

# The Aftermath
---
Though the Calamity was over, the three Ovelords and five Demon Lords reworte the Order of the World to ensure nothing like this would ever happen again. When a mortal died, their soul would be reincarnated instead of ascending to a more powerful, immortal being. Heaven, Hell, and the Abyss would be purged of their immortal citizens to the mortal realm where they would live mortal lives. The Demon Lords sowre to never use their divine powers on the mortal realm. Ciel resigned herself to become the Voice of the World, ensuring that all power would be distributed to those who deserve it. The Raven Queen headed back to the Abyss where she would maintain the Order of the World. Mephisto, though, stayed on the mortal realm to watch over the people and intervene only when absoltuely nevessary to ensure the survival of the people. 

As the years went on, settlements began being rebuilt, the Fallen were pushed back towards the outskirts of the realm, and ancient aritfacts such as the Raven Queen's Blade were lost to history. Various legends have appeared, speaking of such things as the Rapier of Souls, the Orb of Conquest, the Ethereal Blade, the Trident of Storms, and the Book of Time, yet no such things have ever made their way into history books published by the Academy. The Calamity is remembered by nearly all citizen of Gnezdo Vorona, and the people give thanks to the five Demon Lords and three Overlords for protecting them from what would've been the end.